Servus people welcome to the fitness tv
My name is falling and next time
us again a homemade
protein shake a homemade protein
made and shake to 100 percent self
accordingly it will be extremely healthy
a quark for itself flaxseed protein
Here you can already see the
ingredients we need for this and
Let's start with the ingredients of
each ingredients each good
homemade protein shake needed
a basic ingredient is our basic ingredient
quark, better said lean quark and
lean quark has the advantage that it has a
but very low fat content has for it
a fairly high proportion of protein 100
grams of lean quark contain about 13
protein and this protein exists
out of about 80 percent casein and casein
has a long-term effect is so
slowly absorbed by the body slowly
used by the body and accordingly
lends itself very well to the muscles above
distributed with the day or the night
important nutrients with important
to supply proteins
besides, it is so in lean quark
included on gluten is good girl
important substance for muscle building well
But amine also affects muscle breakdown
accordingly very very good
for people who want to build muscle
we have a whole pack here
lean quark so that's 250 grams
we are here in our sheikh
Reintun comes next in ours
Homemade check he feels
they have a whole lot for themselves
taken the cut into pieces and
which has many important ones for itself
Ingredients Many important vitamins
vitamin a vitamin b1 b2 vitamin c not
as well as being in 40 too
contain iron
zinc phosphorus calcium, so many
important minerals and that for themselves
also has important properties too
our cardiovascular system so
positive features on ours
cardiovascular system and strengthens as well
our immune system comes in third
our homemade protein shake
Flaxseed flaxseed extremely healthy
extremely important we have the
Grained linseed is actually
nothing exotic can be found in each one
Buy supermarket and beneficial to
lonely is that they are quite high
have protein content for every size say
me once
and are also very high in fiber
besides many are suffering in summer
illegal
I also contain the fatty acids very much
important for our human
body mega three omega 6 are right
numerous flaxseeds included
In addition, important vitamins are also
how vitamin e contains vitamin d and
also important minerals like zinc and
linseed iron we do in our
protein shake two tablespoons so one
to two tablespoons depending on taste and
fourth is needed in ours
homemade protein shake the juice
half a lemon with lemons
extremely healthy contain a lot of vitamin c
and magnesium and should
accordingly not in ours
homemade protein shake is missing
last ingredient for us at home-made
protein check is the milk we have
here low-fat milk with yes 15 300
milliliters and we need them
of course, yes, so to speak, the whole
food next to each other
so that everything becomes liquid milk
extremely healthy in the much calcium and
Other important ingredients
that should have been it to the
foodstuffs going ingredients we
homemade protein shake
we need everything now
together
let's start with the 40 to the do we
first our container and there comes
the whole pieces come in nothing
should go wrong and put everything in as
next the lean quark there you can
quietly do everything in the whole 250
gram
everything fine and next the
linseed about as a tablespoon says
it must have gone something wrong
that should be enough for the lonely
yes, and now comes the milk
yummy yummy and now we need
a courier died mixing with the
We can still do everything we need
a little milk for us when it
not liquid enough
that should be enough
and now the lemon is added
pow
lid on it
again perform this
Now try the check yes
really very very tasty very very good
very mild not as sweet as you think
through the 40 who wants to can
Of course, with some honey more
will sweeten a tablespoon of honey
give it that tastes that again
bit sweet but in itself
really very good if needed
a little bit more flaxseed and
so you really have a great
Homemade the check this has
contains about 450 to 500 calories and contains
about 45 to 50 grams of protein
so that's what I'm going to leave now
Taste if you have any questions
She also likes egg shakes as a pleasure
comment below the video
otherwise visit us on facebook
can you ask us also and
on www.facebook.com / and fitness tv
There to the pin board or by message
the questions ask as fast as possible
to answer
I hope the shake tastes good
areas is definitely out
not as expensive as you think and me
Let me taste it and we'll see
us the days 3